Moving on to the boot configuration
as mentioned in the outline.
We would like to talk about the dip
switches located behind the micro SD
card slot.
If you turn your board around,
as you can see on the screen,
you see four little switches that are
actually hard to switch with your finger.
You might want to use an anti-static tool
or something to flip those switches.
But if you look carefully,
they're numbered from one to four and
they each have their own purpose.
So we like to lay these out in kind of
a binary way where zero is off, one is on.
And so
if we said 0-0-0-0, then essentially all
four of your dip switches should be off.
Looking at all four of these,
you can kinda see that it's HDMI select,
USB host, SD boot, and USB boot.
Considering they serve different purposes,
we'll start with the first one.
The HDMI select, kind of self-explanatory,
allows you to select between your
HDMI device which is hooked up here.
You have your USB host,
which is basically toggling
your ability to use your micro SD,
I'm sorry,
your micro USB connection
to your computer host.
So if you were to turn that on,
then you would be able to communicate
with your computer through the board.
You have your SD boot,
which is gonna be used for
purposes when you're loading
on a new operating system,
flashing a new operating system
through the micro SD card slot.
And then you have a USB boot,
which also serves the same purposes
as booting it through
the micro SD card as well.
Yeah, so talking about that a little
further, taking it a little deeper.
The normal setup for your dip switches
when you first boot it on for
the first time should be all off,
so all zeroes.
That will boot you into your original
OS that came with the board.
When you want to install
a new operating system,
say you flashed a Ubuntu operating
system onto a micro SD card and
you would like to throw that on your
board, well, then you put the SD card in,
you put 0-1-1-0, so dip switches 2 and
3 will be on in that,
in fact, that is the configuration
we have there on the lower image.
That is the booting configuration for
the micro SD card slot,
and we will teach you how to do all
this later on in later lessons, but
this is just kind of to get
familiar with the dip switches.
And then you have external command
prompt through the micro USB where
you would do 0-0-1-0 and,
I want you to note that if
you are just planning on using this board
regularly, a mouse, keyboard, Ubuntu,
or Android, you want to make sure that
you do not have the micro USB plugged in,
because that will render
the other USB ports inoperable.
Essentially, that's part of the board's
architecture where the USB and
the micro USB are mutually exclusive.
So if you would like to use the USBs,
you can't have the micro USB plugged in,
regardless of how your dip
switches are configured.